Make (finished) KafkaRebalance in Ready state refreshable (#4903)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/cruise-control/proc-approving-optimization-proposal.adoc

** Rebalancing: The cluster rebalance operation is in progress. 

** Ready: The cluster rebalancing operation completed successfully.

> The `KafkaRebalance` custom resource can be re-used by annotating the resource with `refresh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the same `KafkaRebalance` custom resource to generate another optimization proposal, apply the `refresh` annotation to the custom resource. 
```

> This will move the resource to the `ProposalPending`/`ProposalReady` state where the relevant instructions above should then be followed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This moves the custom resource to the `PendingProposal` or `ProposalReady` state. You can then review the optimization proposal and approve it, if desired.
```
